contributing/fx35.md, before:

# .NET 3.5 #

There are some things to know about how Cassette makes itself backwards compatible with .NET 3.5. We've tried to make shims as invisible as possible, but unfortunately this isn't Javascript so we had to make a few sacrifices.

## Use Debug-FX35 or Release-FX35 configurations

To easily switch between framework targeting, we use two extra solution configurations: _Debug-FX35_ and _Release-FX35_.

## "string".IsNullOrWhiteSpace()

Instead of `String.IsNullOrWhiteSpace(string)` use `"string".IsNullOrWhiteSpace()` extension method (Cassette.Utilities).

## PathUtilities.Combine

When combining an array or more than 2 paths, use `PathUtilities.Combine` instead.

## String.Join gotcha

In .NET 3.5, `String.Join` does not accept `IEnumerable` as a valid array. You must use `.ToArray()` on any enumerables.

## HashedSet<T>

.NET 3.5 does not support the `ISet<T>` interface for `HashSet<T>`, so we utilize Iesi.Collections to provide that support. Please use the custom class, `HashedSet<T>` which provides native HashSet functionality for .NET 4 and uses Iesi for 3.5.

## Upgrading Nuget packages / csproj Gotchas

Cassette does conditional includes of Nuget references in all `csproj` files. Make sure you take a look at the projects affected by any new upgrade and afterwards, add back the condition in order to not break .NET 3.5 projects.

## Conditional References

If a project file requires a .NET 3.5- or .NET 4.0-specific assembly, use conditional a `<reference>` in the `csproj` file. For example:

```xml
<!-- For a single assembly: -->
<reference Condition="'$(TargetFrameworkVersion)' == 'v3.5'" ...>
    <SpecificVersion>false</SpecificVersion> <!-- Important! -->
    <HintPath>...</HintPath>
</reference>

<!-- For multi-targeted assemblies: -->
<reference ...>
    <SpecificVersion>false</SpecificVersion> <!-- Important! -->
    <HintPath Condition="'$(TargetFrameworkVersion)' == 'v3.5'">...</HintPath>
    <HintPath Condition="'$(TargetFrameworkVersion)' == 'v4.0'">...</HintPath>
</reference>
```

## _Do_ run build.bat often

When making changes, to double-check you didn't break .NET 3.5 compatibility, run `build.bat` often, or at least before committing any changes.

Commit message:

Removed -FX35 solution configurations to clean up configuration manager

contributing/fx35.md, after:

# .NET 3.5 #

There are some things to know about how Cassette makes itself backwards compatible with .NET 3.5. We've tried to make shims as invisible as possible, but unfortunately this isn't Javascript so we had to make a few sacrifices.

## Use Cassette.FX35.sln

To develop against .NET 3.5, please use the Cassette.FX35.sln file; as it manages the Debug/Release configurations for you automatically.

## "string".IsNullOrWhiteSpace()

Instead of `String.IsNullOrWhiteSpace(string)` use `"string".IsNullOrWhiteSpace()` extension method (Cassette.Utilities).

## PathUtilities.Combine

When combining an array or more than 2 paths, use `PathUtilities.Combine` instead.

## String.Join gotcha

In .NET 3.5, `String.Join` does not accept `IEnumerable` as a valid array. You must use `.ToArray()` on any enumerables.

## HashedSet<T>

.NET 3.5 does not support the `ISet<T>` interface for `HashSet<T>`, so we utilize Iesi.Collections to provide that support. Please use the custom class, `HashedSet<T>` which provides native HashSet functionality for .NET 4 and uses Iesi for 3.5.

## Upgrading Nuget packages / csproj Gotchas

Cassette does conditional includes of Nuget references in all `csproj` files. Make sure you take a look at the projects affected by any new upgrade and afterwards, add back the condition in order to not break .NET 3.5 projects.

## Conditional References

If a project file requires a .NET 3.5- or .NET 4.0-specific assembly, use conditional a `<reference>` in the `csproj` file. For example:

```xml
<!-- For a single assembly: -->
<reference Condition="'$(TargetFrameworkVersion)' == 'v3.5'" ...>
    <SpecificVersion>false</SpecificVersion> <!-- Important! -->
    <HintPath>...</HintPath>
</reference>

<!-- For multi-targeted assemblies: -->
<reference ...>
    <SpecificVersion>false</SpecificVersion> <!-- Important! -->
    <HintPath Condition="'$(TargetFrameworkVersion)' == 'v3.5'">...</HintPath>
    <HintPath Condition="'$(TargetFrameworkVersion)' == 'v4.0'">...</HintPath>
</reference>
```

## _Do_ run build.bat often

When making changes, to double-check you didn't break .NET 3.5 compatibility, run `build.bat` often, or at least before committing any changes.
